Proofread administration (#2681)
centreon/centreon-documentation: versioned_docs/version-23.10/administration/backup.md

There are two kinds of database backup:

>   - MySQLdump: the mysqldump command is used to back up databases. Be careful, because

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - MySQLdump: the mysqldump command is used to back up databases. Warning:
```

    mysqldump can take a long time on large databases.

>   - LVM Snapshot  Binary copy of MariaDB files is done. You need to have a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - LVM Snapshot: A binary copy of MariaDB files is done. You need to have a
```

    specific LV for MariaDB (i.e. /var/lib/mysql) and 1 GB of space in its VG.

Backup filename format:

  - YYYY-MM-DD-centreon.sql.gz
  - YYYY-MM-DD-centreon\_storage.sql.gz

> #### Configuration file backup

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Configuration files backup
```
